<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8' ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
    	xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"    
      xmlns:pp="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/passthrough"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    
    
    
    <h:head>
        <title>Publications</title>
       <h:outputStylesheet library="css" name="jsfcrud_2.css"  />
    </h:head>
    <h:body>
        <br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/><br/>
        <h:form>
  
    <p:tabMenu   style="background-color: #ccff33 ">
    <p:menuitem value="Home" outcome="index.xhtml" icon="ui-icon-star">
    </p:menuitem>
    <p:menuitem value="About Us" outcome="AboutUs.xhtml" icon="ui-icon-search">
    </p:menuitem>
    <p:menuitem value="Publications" outcome="Publications.xhtml" icon="ui-icon-document">
    </p:menuitem>
    <p:menuitem value="Resources" outcome="Resources.xhtml" icon="ui-icon-wrench">
    </p:menuitem>
    <p:menuitem value="Future Projects" outcome="FutureProjects.xhtml" icon=" ui-icon-bookmark">
    </p:menuitem>
    <p:menuitem value="Forum" outcome="Forums.xhtml" icon="ui-icon-person">
    </p:menuitem>
   
</p:tabMenu>
       </h:form>
      <br/>
      
    
       <div style="padding-left: 10px;padding-right: 0px;padding-top: 5px;padding-bottom: 5px;margin-right: 5px;margin-bottom: 5px;">
        
        <h:outputText style="color: red; font-weight:bold" value="Journal articles:"/><br/>
        <br/>
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A machine learning-based method for question
       type classification in biomedical question answering, Methods of Information
       in Medicine 56 (3) 209-216, https://doi.org/10.3414/ME16-01-0116.
        <br/><br/>
        
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A passage retrieval method based on probabilistic
        information retrieval and UMLS concepts in biomedical question answering,
        Journal of Biomedical Informatics 68 (2017) 96–103, https://doi.org/10.1016/j.jbi.2017.03.001.
        <br/><br/>
        M. Sarrouti, A. Lachkar, A new and efficient method based on syntactic dependency relations features for ad hoc clinical question classification, International
       Journal of Bioinformatics Research and Applications 13 (2) (2017) 161–177, https://doi.org/10.1504/IJBRA.2017.10003490.
       <br/><br/>
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A yes/no answer generator based on sentimentword scores in biomedical question answering, International Journal of
        Healthcare Information Systems and Informatics 12 (3) (2017) 62–74, https://doi.org/10.4018/ijhisi.2017070104.
        <br/><br/>
        <h:outputText style="color: red; font-weight:bold" value="Book chapters:"/><br/>
        <br/>
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A generic document retrieval framework based on UMLS similarity for biomedical question answering system, In: Czarnowski I., Caballero A., Howlett R., Jain L. (eds) Intelligent Decision Technologies
        2016, Smart Innovation, Systems and Technologies 57 (2016) 207–216, https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-39627-9_18. Springer, Cham.
        
        <br/><br/>
        <h:outputText style="color: red; font-weight:bold" value="International conferences and workshops:"/><br/>
        <br/>
        
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A biomedical question answering system in BioASQ 2017, in: BioNLP 2017, Association for Computational Linguistics,
        2017, https://doi.org10.18653/v1/w17-2337. Vancouver, Canada.
        <br/><br/>
         M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, A generic document retrieval framework based on UMLS similarity for biomedical question answering system, In: The 8th KES International Conference on Intelligent Decision Technologies (KES-IDT
         2016), 2016, Volume 57, pp. 207–216; doi: https://doi.org/10.1007/978-3-319-39627-9_18. Tenerife, Spain.
         <br/><br/>
         M. Sarrouti, A. Lachkar, S. O. E. Alaoui, Biomedical question types classification using syntactic and rule based approach, in: Proceedings of the 7th International Joint Conference on Knowledge Discovery, Knowledge Engineering
         and Knowledge Management, 2015, Volume 1: KDIR, pp. 265–272. ISBN 978-989-758-158-8; doi: http://dx.doi.org/10.5220/0005598002650272. Lisbon, Portugal.
        
        <br/><br/>
        <h:outputText style="color: red; font-weight:bold" value="National conferences:"/><br/>
        <br/>
        M. Sarrouti, S. O. E. Alaoui, Recherche de réponses précises à des questions biomédicales : système de questions-réponses, In: Signal, ImaGe, Multimédia
        et Applications (SIGMA), 2016, Fez, Morocco.
        <br/><br/>
         M. Sarrouti, A. A. Hassani, I. E. Bellili, A. Lachkar, S. O. E. Alaoui, Machine learning methods evaluation for biomedical named entities recognition, In:
         Les Journes Doctorales en Technologies de l’Information et de la Communication (JDTIC’14), 2014, Rabat, Morocco.
        
        </div>

    </h:body>
</html>
